Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/link/index.md

    - `any`, meaning that the icon can be scaled to any size as it is in a vector format, like `image/svg+xml`.
    - a white-space separated list of sizes, each in the format `<width in pixels>x<height in pixels>` or `<width in pixels>X<height in pixels>`. Each of these sizes must be contained in the resource.

>     > **Note:** Most icon formats are only able to store one single icon; therefore, most of the time, the [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#sizes) attribute contains only one entry.

Reviewer: Same page:
```suggestion
    > **Note:** Most icon formats are only able to store one single icon; therefore, most of the time, the [`sizes`](#sizes) attribute contains only one entry.
```

>     > **Note:** Most icon formats are only able to store one single icon; therefore most of the time the [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#sizes) attribute contains only one entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** Most icon formats are only able to store one single icon; therefore, most of the time, the [`sizes`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#sizes) attribute contains only one entry.
```
